Make SignatureChecker EIP-7377 safe (#4951)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: .changeset/yellow-moles-hammer.md

---
'openzeppelin-solidity': minor
---

> `SignatureChecker`: refactor `isValidSignatureNow` to make it safe if EIP-7377 (or similar) is ever implemented.

Reviewer: I think the changelog should reflect the change rather than the rationale. This change looks more like:

```suggestion
`SignatureChecker`: refactor `isValidSignatureNow` to avoid validating smart contract signatures if the signer has code.
```

Author: I'd say "avoid validating ECDSA signatures" instead of "avoid validating smart contract signatures".

I think "smart contract signatures" can be confusing. Some people think of 1271 as smart contract signature.

Reviewer: > I'd say "avoid validating ECDSA signatures" instead of "avoid validating smart contract signatures".

Yeah, I agree with that concern. Let's go with your first proposal.
